[MUSIC]
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yes, sir?
>> Speaker 2: What would
you ever put in for
metadata in an injectable decorator there?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So, I think you
could do additional providers in here.
That's a good question.
>> Speaker 3: So, the injectable decorator
is only needed if you want to inject
other services into that service.
So, in this case, Lukas isn't injecting
anything into that service, so
if he got rid of injectable
it would actually still work.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Speaker 3: But
if he were to put a service in that
service, then he would need injectable.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Well,
there's some confusion,
I have some confusion around that.
I think the document, actually,
is not crystal clear about that.
So, Pascal, the way he writes in his
blog post, you would think that you
only need injectable if you need
to inject something into it.
But the document says that injectable,
it makes that service
available to the injector to
be injected into other things.
For injection.
And so, that's, I will be the fist
person to admit that I'm confused.
>> Scott: Beta.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yeah,
so to that I just say beta.
>> Scott: But you should always do
injectable because you never know,
if you write this in third party module,
you never know you if somebody's gonna
extend this, or like you have to go back.
So just always do it because
it won't hut to add it.
But It will hurt if you don't have it
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Scott just reached in
and pulled me from the abyss.
Thank you.
Nice save.
Are you ready to talk about routes or
what?
>> Speaker 2: Well,
there's a question here.
Is there a way to inject the pricing
service without putting it at the root app
component level?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So,
I believe you can go
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Does this take?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I'm
getting all greens, so
I'm thinking
>> Speaker 5: So,
by doing that gonna need an instance.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yeah, so
I think you can inject it right in here.
Let me just check real quick.
Angular io.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: This
is where muscle memory,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Injectable metadata.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: You may, the way that
I'm reading it, actually have to inject it
into a top level component for
it to be available for your service.
It doesn't look like this actually takes
any parameters, which is interesting.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah, the injectable
director doesn't take any injectables,
which is weird cuz it's
name is injectable.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: That just
seems like hypocritical.
I want to be injected, but
I'm not accepting, seems rather one way.
So, anyways, I, apparently at this point,
in order to get a service
available to another service, you have to
inject it at some top level component.
If I find out anything different,
I'll let you know.
>> Speaker 6: So,
some random thing on the Internet said
if you used component you
don't need to use injectable.
>> Speaker 6: So maybe you can use
component and give it providers.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Interesting.
If you could find that random thing,
post a link somewhere.
That would be helpful.
We are a community.
A child does not raise itself.
>> Speaker 3: The other way,
there is a way to get your service.
So, you just have to have
injectable in your service.
And then the service that you wanna
inject, just annotate it inside
the constructor of the service that
you're trying to inject it into,
and it should work.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And you can annotate
it directly in the constructor?
>> Speaker 3: Yeah, you can enter
it directly into the constructor.
As long as you import it in the top
of the file, you should be fine.